README.md, before:




# Netflix GPT 

- create vite app
- configured TailwindCSS
- Header
- Routing
- build login form
- toggle between sign in/Sign up 
- Form validation && useRef hooks
- Firebase setup
- Deploy on firebase
- Authentication (Sign Up and Sign in )
- Created redux store with userSlice
- store user details in redux store on sign in and sign up
- sign out functionality
- Bug Fix: Sign Up user displayName and profile Picture Update
- Bug Fix: If use is not logged in redirect to login page and vice versa
- UnSubscribed to the OnAuthStateChange on callback
- Add hardcoded values to constants.js
- Register for TMDB Api create new app get acess token
- Get data from TMDB now playing api 
- create custom hook for now playing movies
- create movie slice
- add now playing movies to store
- planning for main container and secondary container
- fetch data for trailer video
- Update store with trailer video data
- embed trailer in maincontainer along with trailertitle and overview
- tailwind to make main container look awesome
- secondary container with movieLists
- different custom hooks for diff movie list




# Features 

- login / signUp ✅
- Browse
-

Commit message:

Language chnage and GPT serach toggle

README.md, after:




# Netflix GPT 

- create vite app
- configured TailwindCSS
- Header
- Routing
- build login form
- toggle between sign in/Sign up 
- Form validation && useRef hooks
- Firebase setup
- Deploy on firebase
- Authentication (Sign Up and Sign in )
- Created redux store with userSlice
- store user details in redux store on sign in and sign up
- sign out functionality
- Bug Fix: Sign Up user displayName and profile Picture Update
- Bug Fix: If use is not logged in redirect to login page and vice versa
- UnSubscribed to the OnAuthStateChange on callback
- Add hardcoded values to constants.js
- Register for TMDB Api create new app get acess token
- Get data from TMDB now playing api 
- create custom hook for now playing movies
- create movie slice
- add now playing movies to store
- planning for main container and secondary container
- fetch data for trailer video
- Update store with trailer video data
- embed trailer in maincontainer along with trailertitle and overview
- tailwind to make main container look awesome
- secondary container with movieLists
- TMDB image cdn url
- different custom hooks for diff movie list
- Created component for GptSerach
- gptSlice to track the click on GptSearch button
- Show gptserach and main component based on gptSearchView in store
- Added language change <select> tag
- created langSlice for selected language tracking
- created constanst file to store languages and their respective trems
- implemented langiage change for GPT Serach page




# Features 

- login / signUp ✅
- Browse page ✅
- GPT Search feature
